every once in a while I encourage you
the viewer to do something terrible to
your loved ones and then tape it and
post it to YouTube for the whole country
- a joy this YouTube challenge was
inspired by a very strange video actress
Alicia Silverstone posted online last
week you may have seen that she has an
unorthodox way of feeding her son she
actually choose the food and fits it
into the boys mouth
she calls it pre mastication the rest of
it call it disgusting I think what
everyone's entitled to decide whether
his or her child should chew their own
food or not so I asked parents to serve
their children some pre chewed food and
to tape their reactions to that and
upload those reactions to YouTube with
the title hey Jimmy Kimmel i silverstone
my kid we got some very creative entries
we got a lot of entries i want to thank
everyone who participated and tonight
we've assembled the best of the best and
joy i chewed that i chewed it up and
then instead of swallowing it i spit it
back out in there yeah yeah oh we don't
want to take it from my mouth
you eat it it's a fruit roll-up jack you
eat it I want you to chew it the doctor
said it was healthy liar you need to
have your fruit watched appetite it's
good for you it's peanut butter and
sandwich and those veggie sticks you
pre-chewed wahoo
daddy ate all your Dino bites and then
chew them up and spit it back out on
your plate
good all right no it's a joke it's a
joke
all right but let's crush it up because
it's a joke I'm gonna have your real
chicken in the oven the rest they put in
a blender what is this another Jimmy it
is say hi to Jimmy pin my stop food fish
do you know why well well that's because
the doctor says that if I chew it up
first
what if I chew it up first and I spit it
out you guys get better nutrients that
way oh yeah that's why it's all wet and
mushy
why go go get up wearing one in the
bathroom
here would you like it so I chewed that
up for you
I can't look for just taste a little bit
of it on a chip well just close your
eyes and you'll see it no taste the
beans those let's have a lot of flavor
and why not you can we came up for me to
do it is there anything you want to say